https://codepen.io/matt-reynolds/pen/JjXjoyJ?editors=1000



<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
This is correct and organized HTML structure, it is comprehensive and effective for stlying later in CSS

    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to build a foundation for a page, it's described as the raw mateirals for the building project. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 An attribute defines a property/action/source for an element, it is place right after the opening tag

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
An h1 tag is used for the most important text on a page, which is usually the title of the page and it should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
1) img tag 
2) anchor tag 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Pertinate information about the page goes here, such as the link to the stylesheet, meta tags, and the title for the page for example.

    7. What is an id? 
A ID is something that can be assigned to a element for specified styling purposes, however it can only be assigned to one element per page.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Every HTML element can have a ID

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Only once per page

    10. What is a class? 
A class is basically the same thing as a ID however you can have mutltiple classes per page and it can be used more than once

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
The class attribute can used on any HTML element 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
There is no technical limit to this. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank" attribute while open a new tab upon clicking

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
This is used for a desciption of an image if the user uses a screen reader, this will also display provided text if the original source image doesn't load

    15. How do I reference an id?
you reference an ID by using the # symbol 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section and div are similar however a div is mainly used for styling purposes and section is used to display the sections of a given page (semantically)

    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used for styling it's attached HTML page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

h2 {

}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of 

A class can only be used once for an element but you can have many classes.

For example I may use classes to style many images but I might use and ID for a footer or header to give it a bold style

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
tT select a class it would look like ".class" for example

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human {

}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
A parent child selector, selects/styles all of the 'children' of the chosen parent element. 

This is useful when one wants to style many elements at the same time.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
a.sidebar{

}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
This is a keyword that selects a special state/action for an element such as a hover feature for a element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

*{

}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

/*  */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd or you could ls

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm 
you must be careful because there will be no confirmation page prior to the file being deleted

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Becuase it will allow for specific previous versions to be recalled if needed and it will record all changes made to a file 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Often, if you make a "milestone" change then you should commit

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin 'branch name'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork
git clone
git checkout -b
work on the file
save it
git status (if you want)
git add .
git commit -m 'message'
git push -u origin 'branch name'

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 